Update RELEASE-NOTES.txt for v.1.3.3 (#888)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

1.3.3

> =====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=====
* Added support for mu-plugins in site import #852
* Moved mu-plugin polyfills to an internal Playground directory #845
* Fixed an issue with window control placement in fullscreen view on macOS #833
```

> * Handled zip imports regression #874

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where ZIP files larger than 2GB could not be imported #835 #874
```
#835 is the real kicker

* Cosmetic improvements to how the terminal is launched on Windows #814

> * Fixed importing of .wpress backups #830

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with .wpress imports on Windows #830
```

1.3.3
=====
* Handle zip imports regression #874
* Sentry: change release naming #868
* Sentry: improve breadcrumbs with providing more info #864

> * Sentry: add user identifier #863

Reviewer: This isn't user-facing. My instinct would be not to include it. Thoughts, @sejas?

Author: I was thinking about it, but noticed that Sentry notes were added before, so decide that such type of changes probably should be included.
@sejas WDYT, should we include or it's better to keep only user facing changes?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, Let's remove what's not relevant to users and are small changes.
We can join all the sentry entries in a single line. Like : `Improved Sentry reports #863, #864....`

* Show warning when user tries to pull a site that is larger than 2GB #842

> * Remove internal mu-plugins during prepareWordPress #860

Reviewer: Not user-facing. Mostly just fixed a bug from #845

Author: Only Sentry related points merged to 1 line, other removed

> * Handle zip imports regression #874
> * Sentry: change release naming #868
> * Sentry: improve breadcrumbs with providing more info #864
> * Sentry: add user identifier #863
> * Show warning when user tries to pull a site that is larger than 2GB #842
> * Remove internal mu-plugins during prepareWordPress #860
> * Include mu-plugins in Studio site import #852

Reviewer 2: @nightnei , can we change these sentences to use past tense?

```suggestion
* Handled zip imports regression #874
* Changed Sentry release naming #868
* Improved Sentry breadcrumbs by providing more info #864
* Added user identifier in Sentry #863
* Added a warning when user tries to pull a site that is larger than 2GB #842
* Removed internal mu-plugins during prepareWordPress #860
* Included mu-plugins in Studio site import #852
```

> * Introduced Redux with refactoring ChatProvider as the first store #826

Reviewer: Also not user-facing

> * Fixed setting environment variables for WP CLI #814

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cosmetic improvements to how the terminal is launched on Windows #814
```

* Mounted mu-plugin polyfills to the Playground filesystem #845
* Handled errors of failed opening browser on Windows #840
* Increase width of tooltips #841
* Improved fullscreen view in macOS #833

> * Fixed absolute imports in main process #837

Reviewer: Not user-facing

Reviewer 2: Let's remove it 👌

Author: We had such notes in the previous releases
But I think it makes sense to avoid them, since they are quite small

Reviewer 2: yeah, it's a small change that doesn't affect any functionality. We can remove it

* Fixed importing of .wpress backups #830
* Added description for Advanced settings of creating a new site #828
* Allowed non-relative imports starting with src/ or vendor/ #825

> * Skip Sentry initialization in E2E tests #813

Reviewer: Not user-facing

Reviewer 2: Let's remove it, or add the issue number to the same sentry line.
